                      Brevissimus Co. Smart BPM v @@@app.version@@@
 

  What is it? 
  -----------
  
  SmartBPM is a simple business process management web based engine.
  To integrate into any existing EAI system the most of its functionality can be 
  accessed via webService.

  
  Why?
  ----
  
  Because SmartBPM is a very simple business process implementation without need 
  J2EE application resources thanks good quality open source java tools. It is based
  on Ant, JUnit, Hibernate, Struts, Spring and java DB, Tiles2. This is some month 
  long technological pilot project mainly focused on technical side integration on 
  the most current version of the tools. 
  The SmartBPM Console is Struts2 web based GUI distributed on a .war file format. 
  The SmartBPM Engine API is .war application on an Axis/Axis2 based. It can be integrated 
  by other systems by publication. We publish only the service layer which signed by 
  annotation (@Transational).
  The API doc is part of the application. You can easily accessed by clicking a link 
  on a left main sub menu of APIDOC link.
  
  The product contains 3 parts:
    o Smart BPM Engine : It can do some process movement by using webservice call
    o Smart BPM Console: Process Management, Process Movements by hand
    o Smart BPM Test Client: for WebService running from ant junit script
  
  The System Functionality:
  -------------------------
  
  Process management: 
   o User management (listing adding/deleting/modifing)
   o Process forward, reward movements, starting and termination by the user
   o Process definition can be defined by sequence of nodes
   o A process can store its actual state, and actual concrete attribute names/values
   o Node definitions by state and Attribute Types( a form on the Struts GUI represents 
     a node )
   o Nodes can have attributes filled with values.
   o AttributeType can be any of the followings: boolean, int, string, date
   o Attribute has a type and belongs to a Node. It can be added by filling
     the form of the node.
 
  
  Technical needs:
  ----------------
  o Any Web container, at least Tomcat 6.x
  o Any Database with jdbc ready made at least javaDB 10.x. or my
  o Jdk 1.6 installed
  o If you want to build from source you need ant 1.7.x at least.
  
  Limitations:
  ------------
  
   o Element administration ( Process, Node, Attribute, AttributeType): 
     In the current version is missing  
   o Only support the sequential movements of processes, like a modern time wizard.
   o Not supports switches of the flow or cycles
   o Not supports list types for attributes.
   o One process belongs one user and visa versa.
   o The system can work on any Database which have jdbc driver but now
   the build/maintenance scripts work best with Java DB shipped by Jdk 1.6
   o Classes/jar are not signed
   o No user right system defined yet
   o The application is a web based application. 
   o No restful webServide is used yet
   o No web service API published yet
   o No code tables are introduced to the project.
  
  Further versions:
  -----------------
  o I try to reduce as many limitations as I can.
  o In future version the service layer will be published by web services (Axis/Axis 2)
  o Next version of the jar dependency check will be maven or maven2 or ivy based.
  
  
  The Latest Version
  ------------------

 v.0.1.11: July-7-20009:   Listing processes now is extended with nodes and nodes with attributes filled 
                           and not filled. We are thinking of using the open session in view pattern, but 
                           not really know what to do when using a domain model as parameter of web service. 
  
  Details of the latest version can be found on the doc directory of the distribution
  
  Contacts: csaba.tenkes@brevissimus.eu

  Documentation
  -------------

  Logical model, Physical model, Tech Notes is available as is in the form of Word Document.
  Code documentation is available in HTML format, in the docs/api directory.

  Distribution:
  -------------
  Distributed by zip file with source and docs. It can be tried by junit tests.
  Future version will be distributed by deployable Struts based web application (.war file).
  It will be run on a simple web container (like Apache Tomcat), no ejb container is
  needed.
  

  Licensing
  ---------

  The whole code and distribution is copyrighted.
  All rights reserved to Csaba Tenkes <csaba.tenkes@brevissimus.eu> .
  User can see the code, build, try it, but he/she can't copy, use any
  part of the code, documentations. Business users can't be allowed to use it to 
  business activities only it only the permission of the author or by done of a license
  payment agreement.
  
  Thanks for seeing SmartBPM.

                                          Csaba Tenkes
                                         <http://brevissimus.eu/>
                                         <csaba.tenkes@brevissimus.eu>
